Project Budget Amount
Date updated
CSO name
District
Projects Village
DMTDP | AAP
Was the project identified and selected in consultation with community stakeholders based on their document needs?
Was the project prepared in line with MoFEP Composite budget manual?
Has District Got a procurement Plan in place and has the plan been updated as required?
Was the project advertised in 2 different print media outlets and Public Procurement Authority?
Did the District properly constitute Tender Evaluation Panels as required?
Was there proper Documentation on Bid Opening?
Did the  District officially write to notify all bidders from the winner of the contract?
Did the winning Contractor provide performance securities for the contract?
Was teh contract signed by an authorized person?
Is the project contact sum in line with budget? (Wether  +/- 10% range)?
Are the District Assembly officials playing their expected oversight roles( monitoring of the project)
Has the District Engineer been supervising the work?
Are Payment Timelines made in line with the terms of contracts?
Does the District conduct detailed check on the Contractors work performance before payments are made?
Does the District Engineer prepare Interim Payment Certificates for each payment?
Does hte District Keep the required percentage of retention from each interim payment?
Did the engineer issue completion and defect liability certificates to the contractor before his final payment?
Was the contractor paid his retention after the defect liability period?
Did the District evaluate their performance in hte implementation of the Project?
After Completion of the project, did hte District carry out a Project impact Evaluation to access the achievement of the intended benefits?
Did the project Achieve its intended objectives?
Was the top Soil removed from the site?
Observation about the soil removal
is is the site fenced to prevent public from having direct access to the site?
Observation about fencing.
Were cake cements being used?
Observation of the caked cement
Does the Sand used in mixing mortar and concrete contain clay or plant roots?
Observation about mixing
Were Quality coarse aggregates (gravel) used?
Observation about gravel quality

Were iron rods stored off ground?
Were the iron rods showing signs of rusing?
Observation about iron rods rusting
Was Mortar and concret hand mixed (using shovel) on bare ground?
Observation about mixing on ground

Were the sand and gravel measured before mixing?
Observation about measurement
Were hardened mortar and concrete remixed for use?
obsevations about remixing
Were Concrete Casted in place cure?
Observations about Concrete Curing
Were the joints between blocks sprayed with water before filling with mortar?
Observation about blocks being sprayed
Were the concrete and block wall sprayed with water before screeding and plastering?
Observations about walls being sprayed
Were the roof rafters fixed directly into the wall of the building?
Observations about the rafters being fixed



Project Progress compared to Contactor's work schedule
Project being built according to specifications
Contractor regularly on site?

Key positive Observations
Key negative Observations
Key Challenge requiring Attention to DSC to redress

Dates when field observation made

Final issues to report

Picture coordinates


#filter proejct from cso-ID
- list_project
    -   list_stage
    -   List_gallery

    |Update Stage
        List all stages
            Add Activity
                Add Gallery
     | Update Project
        Load Questionnaires
            display_fields






